---
title: My Simple Little Site
summary: I started my site with WordPress, because that's what everybody needs to run a blog, right? Turns out, that's not as true as I thought. Enter 11ty (Eleventy)...
date: 2019-01-23
tags:
    - post
    - 11ty
featured: true
---

I started my site with WordPress, because that's what everybody needs to run a blog, right? Turns out, that's not as true as I thought. Enter [11ty](https://www.11ty.io/) (pronounced "eleventy"), a static site generator. 

11ty allows you to create pages using markdown, so that you can easily create content without coding everything up from scratch. This is especially helpful when creating new blog posts, because I can write in my text editor and then just commit it to a git repository. From there, the every wonderful [Netlify](https://netlify.com) pulls from my git repository and deploys everything. The process takes less time than logging into WordPress and I have a local backup of every post. 

I know more and more people that are turning to static site generators, just in my personal circle of tech friends. None of them need the big guns that WordPress provides, they just want simple, sweet HTML and CSS. Heck, most of them aren't even using front-end JavaScript, because it's not necessary.

WordPress is great for a lot of things, but I didn't need as much firepower as it offers for my tiny little site. I'm not doing ecommerce, I'm not monetizing posts, I just want something that will put my words up on a server. In this case, 11ty hit the sweet spot of little-to-no complexity, maximum customization, and the ability to get it done quickly. 11ty gives me all of that, without giving me any more than I need.


